docs/README.md, before:

---
layout: home
permalink: index.html

# Please update this with your repository name and project title
repository-name: e23-co2060-Kitchen-Foods-Platform
title: Project Template
---

[comment]: # "This is the standard layout for the project, but you can clean this and use your own template, and add more information required for your own project"

<!-- Once you fill the index.json file inside /docs/data, please make sure the syntax is correct. (You can use this tool to identify syntax errors)

Please include the "correct" email address of your supervisors. (You can find them from https://people.ce.pdn.ac.lk/ )

Please include an appropriate cover page image ( cover_page.jpg ) and a thumbnail image ( thumbnail.jpg ) in the same folder as the index.json (i.e., /docs/data ). The cover page image must be cropped to 940×352 and the thumbnail image must be cropped to 640×360 . Use https://croppola.com/ for cropping and https://squoosh.app/ to reduce the file size.

If your followed all the given instructions correctly, your repository will be automatically added to the department's project web site (Update daily)

A HTML template integrated with the given GitHub repository templates, based on github.com/cepdnaclk/eYY-project-theme . If you like to remove this default theme and make your own web page, you can remove the file, docs/_config.yml and create the site using HTML. -->

# Project Title

---

## Team
-  E/23/001, A.W.A.V.D.Abesekara, [e23001@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e23001@eng.pdn.ac.lk)
-  E/23/043, C.M.H.K. Chandrasekara, [e23043@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e23043@eng.pdn.ac.lk)
-  E/23/082, D.M.N.R.Dissanayake, [e23082@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e23082@eng.pdn.ac.lk)
-  E/23/130, H.M.S.Y.Herath, [e23130@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e23130@eng.pdn.ac.lk)

<!-- Image (photo/drawing of the final hardware) should be here -->

<!-- This is a sample image, to show how to add images to your page. To learn more options, please refer [this](https://projects.ce.pdn.ac.lk/docs/faq/how-to-add-an-image/) -->

<!-- ![Sample Image](./images/sample.png) -->

#### Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Solution Architecture](#solution-architecture )
3. [Software Designs](#hardware-and-software-designs)
4. [Testing](#testing)
5. [Conclusion](#conclusion)
6. [Links](#links)

## Introduction

The Kitchen Foods platform addresses a significant gap in the Sri Lankan market by connecting verified home chefs. This includes particularly women looking for income generating opportunities with customers like office workers, tourists and local residents. Many skilled individuals in local communities lack the means to access traditional commercial markets, while consumers often struggle to find healthy and authentic homemade meals. By establishing a hyper-local digital marketplace, the system allows these chefs to monetize their skills directly from their own kitchens. This solution promotes economic empowerment and financial independence while simultaneously improving public health and cultural food accessibility. Ultimately, the platform serves as a secure technology bridge that combines community-based food preparation with modern convenience to ensure trust and efficiency for both parties


## Solution Architecture

High level diagram + description

## Software Designs

Detailed designs with many sub-sections

## Testing

Testing done on software : detailed + summarized results

## Conclusion

What was achieved, future developments, commercialization plans

## Links

- [Project Repository](https://github.com/cepdnaclk/{{ page.e23-co2060-Kitchen-Foods-Platform }}){:target="_blank"}
- [Project Page](https://cepdnaclk.github.io/{{ page.e23-co2060-Kitchen-Foods-Platform}}){:target="_blank"}
- [Department of Computer Engineering](http://www.ce.pdn.ac.lk/)
- [University of Peradeniya](https://eng.pdn.ac.lk/)

[//]: # (Please refer this to learn more about Markdown syntax)
[//]: # (https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)

Commit message:

Change project title to 'Kitchen Food Platform'
Updated project title and added notes for future content.

docs/README.md, after:

---
layout: home
permalink: index.html

# Please update this with your repository name and project title
repository-name: e23-co2060-Kitchen-Foods-Platform
title: Project Template
---

[comment]: # "This is the standard layout for the project, but you can clean this and use your own template, and add more information required for your own project"

<!-- Once you fill the index.json file inside /docs/data, please make sure the syntax is correct. (You can use this tool to identify syntax errors)

Please include the "correct" email address of your supervisors. (You can find them from https://people.ce.pdn.ac.lk/ )

Please include an appropriate cover page image ( cover_page.jpg ) and a thumbnail image ( thumbnail.jpg ) in the same folder as the index.json (i.e., /docs/data ). The cover page image must be cropped to 940×352 and the thumbnail image must be cropped to 640×360 . Use https://croppola.com/ for cropping and https://squoosh.app/ to reduce the file size.

If your followed all the given instructions correctly, your repository will be automatically added to the department's project web site (Update daily)

A HTML template integrated with the given GitHub repository templates, based on github.com/cepdnaclk/eYY-project-theme . If you like to remove this default theme and make your own web page, you can remove the file, docs/_config.yml and create the site using HTML. -->

# Kitchen Food Platform

---

## Team
-  E/23/001, A.W.A.V.D.Abesekara, [e23001@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e23001@eng.pdn.ac.lk)
-  E/23/043, C.M.H.K. Chandrasekara, [e23043@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e23043@eng.pdn.ac.lk)
-  E/23/082, D.M.N.R.Dissanayake, [e23082@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e23082@eng.pdn.ac.lk)
-  E/23/130, H.M.S.Y.Herath, [e23130@eng.pdn.ac.lk](mailto:e23130@eng.pdn.ac.lk)

<!-- Image (photo/drawing of the final hardware) should be here -->

<!-- This is a sample image, to show how to add images to your page. To learn more options, please refer [this](https://projects.ce.pdn.ac.lk/docs/faq/how-to-add-an-image/) -->

<!-- ![Sample Image](./images/sample.png) -->

#### Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Solution Architecture](#solution-architecture )
3. [Software Designs](#hardware-and-software-designs)
4. [Testing](#testing)
5. [Conclusion](#conclusion)
6. [Links](#links)

## Introduction

The Kitchen Foods platform addresses a significant gap in the Sri Lankan market by connecting verified home chefs. This includes particularly women looking for income generating opportunities with customers like office workers, tourists and local residents. Many skilled individuals in local communities lack the means to access traditional commercial markets, while consumers often struggle to find healthy and authentic homemade meals. By establishing a hyper-local digital marketplace, the system allows these chefs to monetize their skills directly from their own kitchens. This solution promotes economic empowerment and financial independence while simultaneously improving public health and cultural food accessibility. Ultimately, the platform serves as a secure technology bridge that combines community-based food preparation with modern convenience to ensure trust and efficiency for both parties


## Solution Architecture

High level diagram + description (will be added later)

## Software Designs

Detailed designs with many sub-sections (will be added later)

## Testing

Testing done on software : detailed + summarized results (will be added later)

## Conclusion

What was achieved, future developments, commercialization plans (will be added later)

## Links

- [Project Repository](https://github.com/cepdnaclk/{{ page.e23-co2060-Kitchen-Foods-Platform }}){:target="_blank"}
- [Project Page](https://cepdnaclk.github.io/{{ page.e23-co2060-Kitchen-Foods-Platform}}){:target="_blank"}
- [Department of Computer Engineering](http://www.ce.pdn.ac.lk/)
- [University of Peradeniya](https://eng.pdn.ac.lk/)

[//]: # (Please refer this to learn more about Markdown syntax)
[//]: # (https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
